Hey guys!!
Welcome to Blackode Vim Daily Tips
Today tip will solve the problem of copying
at certain position, going
for beyond another position
pasting, ...... so,
If you are doing this means, stop
immediately and use our tip
we go little bit practical.
Here, I open my practice file
The file consists nothing interesting
just created to understand what's going on
while we are executing the commands
Ok, so I want to
copy lines from one to five and
have to paste them after fifth 5th
line, so , if  our
command works well, no surprise the
lines from 1 to 5 are copied beneath the
line 5
So, lets do that. What you have to do is
go to ex command mode by pressing : colon
and type 1,5 and t5 and +
If you parse the command
1,5 are lower and upper
boundaries or range of lines
and t is the last
last letter in put
and 5 is the line
number. As you added plus + means
after line , if minus means
above the line . So overall
things looks like this .
the range of lines from one to five
put them after the line number 5 five
This is the actual meaning of the command
So , lets do that in another angle.
Here what I am trying to do is
I would like to
copy the current line to the end
of the line . So, my command
is colon :
dot . t dollar $
so dot( .) is the current line
and you are telling that put
put means nothing but a copy or something.
so where we have to keep is dollar $
dollar is the position , the last line
of the file
simple, this is how we can do
the different types of copies
you can copy with multiple range
and also copy current line with (.) dot.
and you can give the range
you can do math , whatever do
possible ways. So this is just
helps when you want to copy the
top 5 lines and would like to
copy them to just last of the
file , when your file contains
about thousand 1000 or 10,000 lines
this will be very awkward. so
copying going to gg and pressing
the copy yank 5 j
coming to shift G
and paste them. So this is
all the stuff goes while if you
are not using this tip . Hope this tip
helps you apart
please do like share comment and subscribe
Yours Blackode..